feat: add `blas/ext/base/gtriu` (#13580)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/gtriu/README.md

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var gtriu = require( '@stdlib/blas/ext/base/gtriu' );
```

#### gtriu( order, M, N, k, A, LDA, B, LDB )

Copies the upper triangular part of a matrix `A` to another matrix `B`.

```javascript
var A = [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ];
var B = [ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 ];

gtriu( 'row-major', 2, 2, 0, A, 2, B, 2 );
// B => [ 1.0, 2.0, 0.0, 4.0 ]
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **order**: storage layout.
-   **M**: number of rows in `A`.
-   **N**: number of columns in `A`.
-   **k**: diagonal below which to ignore. A value of `k = 0` refers to the main diagonal, `k < 0` refers to a diagonal below the main diagonal, and `k > 0` refers to a diagonal above the main diagonal. Accordingly, when `k < 0`, the function copies the upper triangle **and** one or more sub-diagonals (i.e., part of the lower triangle), and, when `k > 0`, the function copies only part of the upper triangle.
-   **A**: input matrix.
-   **LDA**: stride of the first dimension of `A` (a.k.a., leading dimension of the matrix `A`).
-   **B**: output matrix.
-   **LDB**: stride of the first dimension of `B` (a.k.a., leading dimension of the matrix `B`).

> The `k` parameter follows the same triangular indexing convention as the Array API. For example, to copy the upper triangle and the first sub-diagonal,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the `k` parameter to a value other than `0` allows including and excluding sub- and super-diagonals, respectively. For example, to copy the upper triangle and the first sub-diagonal,
```

```javascript
var A = [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ];
var B = [ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 ];

gtriu.ndarray( 2, 2, 0, A, 2, 1, 0, B, 2, 1, 0 );
// B => [ 1.0, 2.0, 0.0, 4.0 ]
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **M**: number of rows in `A`.
-   **N**: number of columns in `A`.
-   **k**: diagonal below which to ignore.
-   **A**: input matrix.
-   **sa1**: stride of the first dimension of `A`.
-   **sa2**: stride of the second dimension of `A`.
-   **oa**: starting index for `A`.
-   **B**: output matrix.
-   **sb1**: stride of the first dimension of `B`.
-   **sb2**: stride of the second dimension of `B`.
-   **ob**: starting index for `B`.

While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameters support indexing semantics based on starting indices. For example,

```javascript
var A = [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ];
var B = [ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 ];

gtriu.ndarray( 2, 2, 0, A, 2, 1, 0, B, 2, 1, 2 );
// B => [ 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 2.0, 0.0, 4.0 ]
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

> -   `gtriu()` provides a generic implementation supporting both row- and column-major storage layouts and any array-like object supporting the get/set [accessor protocol][@stdlib/array/base/accessor].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Both functions support array-like objects having getter and setter accessors for array element access (e.g., [`@stdlib/array/base/accessor`][@stdlib/array/base/accessor]).
```

Not clear to me why we are deviating from convention.
